---
layout: post
#title: "Research"
#author: "Zapata Lab"
categories: pages
#tags: [documentation]
#image: desert.jpg
---

## Join the lab

### Biodiversity Informatics Researcher

We are seeking a Biodiversity Informatics Researcher (BIR) to develop new scientific software to make specimen-based data (phenotypic, genetic, spatial) easily accessible and ready to use for downstream taxonomic analyses. The BIR will develop a computational workflow to integrate data and analyses via modular pipelines, automatize "data wrangling", generate data-driven interfaces to interact with "big data", and create dynamic/reactive documents native to the Web. This is a great opportunity to work in a small research group that uses computational biology to support research and training in quantitative taxonomy and evolutionary biology. 

The ideal candidate will be comfortable with databases (relational or graph) and experienced in writing efficient code and documentation in at least one commonly used programming language (Python, R, Julia, Ruby, C/C++, etc). The BIR will be familiar with standard practices in scientific computing and software engineering including version control, continuous integration, test-driven development, and a focus on minimum viable products.

The BIR will be part of a research group in the Department of Ecology & Evolutionary Biology at the University of California, Los Angeles. The BIR will work and report to the principal investigator and other team members, participate in the organization and management of data sets, and ensure the integrity of complex data sets.

Qualifications:

Required:
* At least 2 years of related Biodiversity Informatics experience
* Strong background in databases
* Programming and scripting experience (e.g. bash, Python, JavaScript, Julia, Ruby, C/C++)
* Experience with version control technology such as Git
* Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills

Preferred:
* Experience using HPC and parallel systems
* Experience with continuous integration technology such as Travis CI
* Experience with JavaScript
* Experience creating technical documentation
* Experience with cloud technologies including: AWS, Azure, Docker

Application:

Please send a cover letter and a CV. Make sure to include links to your repositories (e.g. GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket). Include name of 2 references who will be contacted if needed.

If you have any questions and to apply to the position, please email fzapata@ucla.edu with the subject line `Biodiversity Informatics Researcher`. The position will remain open until filled.

Job Location:

Los Angeles, CA

_The University of California is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age or protected veteran status. For the complete University of California nondiscrimination and affirmative action policy, see: UC Nondiscrimination & Affirmative Action Policy. (http://policy.ucop.edu/doc/4000376/NondiscrimAffirmAct)_